Update UseCases.stories to clarify iOS vs macOS screensharing support (#422)
Azure/communication-ui-library: packages/storybook/stories/UseCases.stories.mdx

| SDK    | Windows            | macOS                | Ubuntu   | Linux    | Android  | iOS        |
| ------ | ------------------ | -------------------- | -------- | -------- | -------- | ---------- |
| UI SDK - Calling | Chrome\*, new Edge | Chrome\*, Safari\*\* | Chrome\* | Chrome\* | Chrome\*\* | Safari\*\*\* |
| UI SDK - Chat    | Firefox\*, Chrome\*, new Edge | Firefox\*, Chrome\*, Safari\* | Chrome\* | Chrome\* | Safari\*|

\*Note that the latest version is supported in addition to the
previous two releases.

\*\*Note that outgoing screen sharing is not supported for Chrome on Android.

> \*\*\*Note that Safari versions 13.1+ are supported. 1:1 calls are not supported on Safari. Outgoing video for Safari

Author: @ddematheu2 would be good to be clear which Safari version you mean. (iOS vs macOS). Are 1:1 calls not supported on Safari for iOS and macOS, or only one of them?

Reviewer: Both. This is a general statement for safari.

macOS supported only for Safari 14+/macOS 11+. Outgoing screen sharing

> is not supported on iOS, device enumeration (for example Bluetooth) is limited by OS, only one device available.

Author: @ddematheu2 I am not deep in this tech, but for me 'device enumeration' is something that is unclear for me. Could this be clarified?

> is not supported on iOS, device enumeration (for example Bluetooth) is limited by OS, only one device available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is not supported on iOS, device selection(for example choosing Bluetooth headset) is limited by OS, only one device available.
```

> is not supported on iOS, device selection(for example choosing Bluetooth headset) is limited by OS, only one device available.

Author: ```suggestion
is not supported on iOS, device selection(for example choosing Bluetooth headset) is limited by iOS, only one device available.
```

@ddematheu2 nit: small change. macOS doesn't have this behavior, so would be good to mention iOS instead of OS in general?

Thanks for making those changes, this is gonna help our customers/partners a lot :-).
